---
title: 5 favorite, and 5 least favorite, activities
description: Selecting from that pesky list
date: 2020-01-17
tags:
  - pick/place
layout: layouts/post.njk
---
# Favourites

1. Work with people to figure out if Netlify's service can solve a particular workflow or integration challenge they have
	* Absolute winner of a task and it's what I love the most. Even if the answer is "no", does it need to be a "no"? Could we, can we? Should we?
2. Suggest and champion improvements to the Support team's workflow to your colleagues in and out of Support
	* It makes me incredibly happy when an idea benefits the entire team and takes some of the day-to-day burden off of them.
3. Spot trends across many cases to improve Netlify's product and service
	* The fact that this makes the list of things that an support engineer at Netlify will do really excites me. A lot of places are _really_ bad at backfilling.
4. Respond to Netlify customers on Twitter
	* I have no issue with helping customers in an open forum.
5. Respond to 50+ support requests via email or chat most days
	* Being busy is never a bad thing... however, it's important to make sure that these aren't replicated issues. If they are, update the playbooks and help guides!

# Pet Peeves

1. Debug a customer's build using a programming language and framework that you've never seen before
	* Although this ranks as my number one pet peeve, it's bittersweet. It's oh so daunting when you're approached with a challenge like this. My brain will set itself on fire for a good minute or two trying to figure out where to start. Though, I trust my brain to get a few logical first steps laid out. From here, it almost feeds in to my #1 favourite support aspect...
2. Manage a Support team
	* This is an interesting one because I think fool's more hands-on than other managers I've worked with. I'm at my infancy when it comes to understanding the technologies and complexities of a business like Netlify. This said, I have led whilst in an engineering role and that's not bad--I'm not shy of some responsibility or accountability. I've managed to turn red numbers to green numbers.
3. Help train and onboard new support teammates
	* I'm more than happy to help and I think that I can articulate myself well but a little bit of self-doubt tends to creep in! I always feel like I should know more.
4. Dig through server logs to troubleshoot a customer's website behavior
	* If _all_ I did was dig through logs, it would suck. In reality, this tedious task is usually followed by an incredible eureka moment!
5. Help manage communications during a service outage
	* I'll happily keep stakeholders informed but I'd rather be fighting the fire.